README.md, before:

# Title

Workout App

# Description

As a user, I want to be able to view create and track daily workouts. The app will keep track of every exercise in your workout. The app dashboard will display weekly summary graphs of all workouts done in a week

## Table of contents

- [Title](#title)
- [Description](#description)
  - [Table of contents](#table-of-contents)
- [Note Page](#note-page)
- [Usage Instructions](#usage-instructions)
- [Technologies](#technologies)
- [Deployment](#deployment)
- [Author](#author)
- [Questions?](#questions)

# Note Page

![Homepage](https://github.com/jinxdoll/Express-small-business-notetaker/blob/main/public/assets/images/demo.png)

# Usage Instructions

Application invoked by using the commands at the root folder:
npm install
node server.js
npm run seed (note: Running seeders/seed.js is optional to have a prepopulated database.)

# Technologies

Application enabled using the following sources:

- [JavaScript](https://www.javascript.com/)
- [NPM (Express, generate-unique-ids)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/express)
- [nodemon](https://www.npmjs.com/package/nodemon)
- [mongoDB](https://www.mongodb.com)
- 

# Deployment

[Heroku](https://express-business-notetaker.herokuapp.com)

# Author

- [Aimee Mattson](https://jinxdoll.github.io/Express-small-business-notetaker)
- [Portfolio](https://jinxdoll.github.io/HW-2-portfolio-mattsonaimee/)
- [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/aimee-mattson-bb060398/)

# Questions?

Please contact me via email at amattson84@gmail.com

Commit message:

Update file with application screenshots.

README.md, after:

# Title

Workout App

# Description

Life can get busy as wel all know and having to keep track of your daily exercise routine can be a pain. With this application, the user is able to track workout routines. The user can create, save and delete customized workouts.The app dashboard will display weekly summary graphs of all workouts done in a week as well as relative workout data.

## Table of contents

- [Title](#title)
- [Description](#description)
  - [Table of contents](#table-of-contents)
- [Home Page View](#home-page-view)
- [Dashboard View](#dashboard-view)
- [Live Demo](#live-demo)
- [Usage Instructions](#usage-instructions)
- [Technologies](#technologies)
- [Deployment](#deployment)
- [Author](#author)
- [Questions?](#questions)

# Home Page View

![home-page](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/73260853/115766567-f9e84680-a35c-11eb-94ab-9da9bdb9bb63.png)
# Dashboard View
![dashboard-page](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/73260853/115766571-fb197380-a35c-11eb-91d9-3e7c14d2373f.png)

# Live Demo
![Demo](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/73260853/115766841-4895e080-a35d-11eb-8c35-bc93a6fbcdf7.mp4)

# Usage Instructions

Application invoked by using the commands at the root folder:
npm install
node server.js
npm run seed (note: Running seeders/seed.js is optional.)

# Technologies

Application enabled using the following sources:

- [JavaScript](https://www.javascript.com/)
- [NPM (Express, generate-unique-ids)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/express)
- [nodemon](https://www.npmjs.com/package/nodemon)
- [mongoDB](https://www.mongodb.com)
- 

# Deployment

[Heroku](https://express-business-notetaker.herokuapp.com)

# Author

- [Aimee Mattson](https://jinxdoll.github.io/Express-small-business-notetaker)
- [Portfolio](https://jinxdoll.github.io/HW-2-portfolio-mattsonaimee/)
- [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/aimee-mattson-bb060398/)

# Questions?

Please contact me via email at amattson84@gmail.com
